Ensuring consistent vocabulary (#6728)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/general/glossary.md

some of the validators' rewards, but are also liable for slashing if their nominated validators
misbehave.

## NFT

> A non-fungible token is a token that does not hold the property of fungibility, which, in turn,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An NFT (non-fungible token) is a token that does not hold the property of fungibility, which, in turn,
```

A function that describes how the state of a blockchain can be transformed. For example, it may
describe how tokens can be transferred from one account to another.

## Subscan

> A block explorer and analytics platform for Polkadot, Kusama, and related networks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A block explorer and analytics platform for Polkadot, Kusama, and Substrate-based chains.
```
